# packages in environment at /Users/vincentroy/anaconda3/envs/GMDA-TDAForFinancial:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
appnope                   0.1.0           py36h9f0ad1d_1001    conda-forge
backcall                  0.1.0                      py_0    conda-forge
boost-cpp                 1.72.0               hdf9ef73_0    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h0b31af3_2    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2020.4.5.1           hecc5488_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2020.4.5.1       py36h9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
cgal-cpp                  5.0.1                h1be8fdf_1    conda-forge
cycler                    0.10.0                     py_2    conda-forge
decorator                 4.4.2                      py_0    conda-forge
eigen                     3.3.7             ha1b3eb9_1001    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.3             py36h9f0ad1d_1001    conda-forge
freetype                  2.10.1               h8da9a1a_0    conda-forge
gmp                       6.2.0                h4a8c4bd_2    conda-forge
gudhi                     3.1.1            py36he63e17b_1    conda-forge
icu                       64.2                 h6de7cb9_1    conda-forge
ipykernel                 5.2.1            py36h95af2a2_0    conda-forge
ipython                   7.13.0           py36h9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
ipython_genutils          0.2.0                      py_1    conda-forge
jedi                      0.17.0           py36h9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
jupyter_client            6.1.3                      py_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              4.6.3            py36h9f0ad1d_1    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.2.0            py36h863e41a_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.8.0               16_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.8.0               16_openblas    conda-forge
libcxx                    9.0.1                         1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.2.1             h4a8c4bd_1007    conda-forge
libgfortran               4.0.0                         2    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.8.0               16_openblas    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.9                h3d69b6c_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               hbbe82c9_1    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.17               h01d97ff_0    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               10.0.0               h28b9765_0    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.2.1                         0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.2.1            py36h83d3ec1_0    conda-forge
mpfr                      4.0.2                h65ac59c_1    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.1               h0a44026_1002    conda-forge
numpy                     1.18.1           py36hdc5ca10_1    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1g               h0b31af3_0    conda-forge
pandas                    1.0.3            py36hcc1bba6_1    conda-forge
parso                     0.7.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
patsy                     0.5.1                      py_0    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.8.0            py36h9f0ad1d_1    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5           py36h9f0ad1d_1001    conda-forge
pip                       20.0.2                     py_2    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.5                      py_0    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.6.0                   py_1001    conda-forge
pygments                  2.6.1                      py_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 2.4.7              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
python                    3.6.10          h4334963_1010_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.1                      py_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.6                     1_cp36m    conda-forge
pytz                      2019.3                     py_0    conda-forge
pyzmq                     19.0.0           py36h820b253_1    conda-forge
readline                  8.0                  hcfe32e1_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.4.1            py36h1dac7e4_3    conda-forge
seaborn                   0.10.0                     py_1    conda-forge
setuptools                46.1.3           py36h9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
six                       1.14.0                     py_1    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.30.1               h93121df_0    conda-forge
statsmodels               0.11.1           py36h37b9a7d_1    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.10               hbbe82c9_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.0.4            py36h37b9a7d_1    conda-forge
traitlets                 4.3.3            py36h9f0ad1d_1    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.1.9              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.34.2                     py_1    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                h0b31af3_0    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.2                h6de7cb9_2    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            h0b31af3_1006    conda-forge
